Welcome to Geospatial Futures!

I have no background in computer science. When I was 14 I made an Angelfire website with some incedibly basic HTML. more recently I attempted to learn Lua in order to code some music scripts. I still haven't created a script. Yet here I am, some guy in my late 30s running head first into GIS analysis, diving into Python, itching to develop JavaScript knowledge, and dreaming of machine/deep learning. What business have I with such outlandish behaviour? Why would I head down this road?

Because for the first time in a long time, a road has actually seemed exciting. I started this adventure via dreams of a career change, veering away from call centres, retail, and e-commerce, and towards conservation and science. I saw an opportunity to reskill. As I began this journey, I realised the things that I was drawn to the most are the things I mentioned in my opening paragraph. There are links to the philosophical concepts I consume through books and through YouTube, and there are threads that lead back to myself as a child, being excited by science and being convinced I was going to be a scientist, before I told myself I couldn't. Coming back to the present, I'm discovering a new air of excitement as I head down this road. It's not going to be smooth. I have a lot to learn, and I will make a thousand mistakes before I become competent. But I'm not an idiot. 

I intend begin a blog where I write about various topics revolving around conservation/ecosystems/wildfire management, punctuated with examples of GIS data, layouts, Python code snippets, etc. I will also be constructing and conducting projects involving fieldwork and geospatial data, which I imagine will/have found a home in my repositories. If you want to follow along, or just want to take a look at some of the things I'm doing, please feel free. 
